---
layout:     post
title:      Blog Post 1
date:       2019-09-06 10:39:29
summary:    Summary for weeks 1 - 2.
categories: jekyll pixyll
---
During this weeks assignments I have been succesful in installing, configuring and testing Docker, Jekyll, GitHub (and GitHub Pages).

Docker:
I was able to follow the tutorial provided in the Lab, and had no major issues installing and configuring Docker.

GitHub / Slack:
I had some difficulties connecting to the Slack channel, but eventually was able to figure it out. No issues with GitHub.

Jekyll / GitHubPages:
Both of these tools took me a while to figure out, especially Jekyll, where I had the most difficulty using a different theme for the website.
I had to install ruby, and all other dependencies, this was pretty straight forward going based on the tutorial provided.
I was not sure if I was requirement or a suggestiong to install a new theme as I actually liked the standard "minima" theme, but I installed a different theme anyways, just in case.
I was having a hard time finding themes compatible with Jekyll 4.0, but plenty were available for for 3.3 / 3.5.
Initially I was trying to modify my original jekyll site, but there were many issues, in particular, posts and other objects would not appear on the main page.
I found that by using "git clone" on the theme git, I could take the theme and modify it to my liking, which turned out a lot more straightforward than trying to modify the "minima" manually to adopt to a different theme's format.
My Jekyll theme of choice was Pixyll.

CIT 160 Lab A:
During the "160 lab A", the only difficulty that I have faced was on pages 8 - 9 as I was unable to run the "class_setup" command, which returned a permissions error. 
Eventually I was able to notice that some folders did not exist which means there was some sort of a bug during the "useradd" command, and I fixed the issue by re-creating the original user, after which "class_setup" executed and there were no other issues.

